Title: Future plan of EP postprocessing tool as of 2017
Date: 2017-01-30 11:00
Category: EPpostprocessing
Tags: feature
Slug: 17013011
Author: obakatsu
Summary: This page summarizes the future implementation plan for EP postprocessing tool

##Compatible for IES & eQuest result file  
Now this application can only accept energyplus html result file. However, other software such as IES & eQuest is being used in Arup. Hence, I am investigating how to make this application compatible for IES & eQuest result file.  

##Extend user interface
###Correlate with 3d model using three.js
Correlating simulation result with 3d model can tell the stakeholder much more. Some software have been trying to map simulation result to 3d model as following. However, I could not find the function which I want to use. 

###Connect with external application such as excel,Jyupiter notebook
This tool can automate data extraction and visualize basic information from the energy simulation result. But some user may have idea to visualize the data in different way. In that case, user can download the data and investigate further.  

##Automated reporting
Energy modelling is required for green certificate such as LEED,BREEAM etc. Usually, we need to extract many parameters and fill in report to proove that energy model is reflecting the actual design and baseline case. This tool can extract all the required information for the report and help modeller to save the time.

##Dashboard to show our energy simulation experience
We have been doing many energy simulation and that can be used for effective presentation to show our capability. The good point of this tool is that database and representation is independent. So once we create some representation using JavaScript, that representation can be applied to all the data which is stored in database already.

